(DOCSP-25116): New App Services Get Started page, ToC updates, move tutorials (#190)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/reference/template-apps.txt

.. button:: Check out the Template Apps
   :uri: https://www.mongodb.com/realm/register?tck=docs_CTA_realm_template_apps

.. _create-template-app:

Create a Template App
---------------------

> You can create a template app using the UI on th Atlas App Services site, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a template app using the UI on the Atlas App Services site, 
```

> the Realm command line, or admin API. Choose the tab for whichever 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Realm CLI, or Admin API. Choose the tab for whichever 
```
